bind-key -t  vi-edit    C-c cancel
bind-key -t  vi-edit    C-h backspace
bind-key -t  vi-edit    Tab complete
bind-key -t  vi-edit  Enter enter
bind-key -t  vi-edit    C-u delete-line
bind-key -t  vi-edit    C-w delete-word
bind-key -t  vi-edit Escape switch-mode
bind-key -t  vi-edit BSpace backspace
bind-key -t  vi-edit     DC delete
bind-key -t  vi-edit   Home start-of-line
bind-key -t  vi-edit    End end-of-line
bind-key -t  vi-edit     Up history-up
bind-key -t  vi-edit   Down history-down
bind-key -t  vi-edit   Left cursor-left
bind-key -t  vi-edit  Right cursor-right
bind-key -ct vi-edit    C-c cancel
bind-key -ct vi-edit    C-h backspace
bind-key -ct vi-edit  Enter enter
bind-key -ct vi-edit      $ end-of-line
bind-key -ct vi-edit      0 start-of-line
bind-key -ct vi-edit      B previous-space
bind-key -ct vi-edit      D delete-end-of-line
bind-key -ct vi-edit      E next-space-end
bind-key -ct vi-edit      W next-space
bind-key -ct vi-edit      X backspace
bind-key -ct vi-edit      ^ start-of-line
bind-key -ct vi-edit      a switch-mode-append
bind-key -ct vi-edit      b previous-word
bind-key -ct vi-edit      d delete-line
bind-key -ct vi-edit      e next-word-end
bind-key -ct vi-edit      h cursor-left
bind-key -ct vi-edit      i switch-mode
bind-key -ct vi-edit      j history-down
bind-key -ct vi-edit      k history-up
bind-key -ct vi-edit      l cursor-right
bind-key -ct vi-edit      p paste
bind-key -ct vi-edit      w next-word
bind-key -ct vi-edit      x delete
bind-key -ct vi-edit BSpace backspace
bind-key -ct vi-edit     DC delete
bind-key -ct vi-edit     Up history-up
bind-key -ct vi-edit   Down history-down
bind-key -ct vi-edit   Left cursor-left
bind-key -ct vi-edit  Right cursor-right
